Is Lao Han's Heart of the Ocean okay?
young master
You inspected the Heart of the Ocean yourself.
It shouldn't be a problem.
Do you dare to gamble with the surname Su?
What to bet on if you lose
Cancel the engagement with Cher immediately
Ask him to marry me
And return the project to me
Kneel down and apologize
And if you lose?
When I lost, I knelt down and called grandpa
Ye Chen
You made a bet with Su Yizawa before
No contact yet.
What else can you bet on?
Cher, there are so many people here
No, you can't cheat
Brother Ye
Don't be jealous for me anymore, okay?
I have accepted your love
What more do you want?
If you lose, it will be too late for you to regret it.
Crazy you
Heart of the Ocean
My heart of the ocean has arrived
How about yours?
He didn't say it was for you, Master Su
Who is Mr. Hagawa?
I am